docs: Proofreading + general improvements (#26442)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/self-hosted-configuration.md

## autodiscoverTopics

> Some platforms allow you to add tags, or topics, to repositories and retrieve repository lists by specifying those
> topics. Set this variable to a list of strings, all of which will be topics for the auto-discovered repositories.

Author: ```suggestion
Some platforms allow you to add tags, or topics, to repositories and retrieve repository lists by specifying those topics.
Set this variable to a list of strings, all of which will be topics for the auto-discovered repositories.
```

> topics. Set this variable to a list of strings, all of which will be topics for the auto-discovered repositories.

Author: Fixed using a suggestion.

When this option is `true`, Renovate will do the following during repository initialization:

1. Try to fetch the default config file (e.g. `renovate.json`)

> 2. Check if the file contains `"enabled": false`
> 3. If so, skip cloning and skip the repository immediately

Author: ```suggestion
1. Check if the file contains `"enabled": false`
1. If so, skip cloning and skip the repository immediately
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! warning

>     `globalExtends` presets can not be private.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `globalExtends` presets must be public.
```

```
❯ gpg --full-generate-key
gpg (GnuPG) 2.2.24; Copyright (C) 2020 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

> This is free software: you're free to change and redistribute it.

Author: ```suggestion
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
```
